Update README file (#75)
coinbase/rosetta-ethereum: README.md

* `PORT`(required) - Which port to use for Rosetta.
* `GETH` (optional) - Point to a remote `geth` node instead of initializing one
* `SKIP_GETH_ADMIN` (optional, default: `FALSE`) - Instruct Rosetta to not use the `geth` `admin` RPC calls. This is typically disabled by hosted blockchain node services.

> * `GETH_HEADERS` (optional) - Pass a key:value comma-separated list to be passed to the `geth` clients. e.g. `X-Auth-Token:12345-ABCDE,X-Other-Header:SomeOtherValue`

Reviewer: This got removed in recent PR's I believe #67 . You can remove this.

Author: This was removed.

```
_If you cloned the repository, you can run `make run-testnet-offline`._

## Testing with rosetta-cli
To validate `rosetta-ethereum`, [install `rosetta-cli`](https://github.com/coinbase/rosetta-cli#install)
and run one of the following commands:

> * `rosetta-cli check:data --configuration-file rosetta-cli-conf/testnet/config.json` - This command validates that the Data API information in the `testnet` network is correct. It also ensures that the implementation does not miss any balance-changing operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rosetta-cli check:data --configuration-file rosetta-cli-conf/testnet/config.json` - This command validates that the Data API implementation is correct using  ethereum`testnet` node. It also ensures that the implementation does not miss any balance-changing operations.
```

Author: Updated.

> * `rosetta-cli check:construction --configuration-file rosetta-cli-conf/testnet/config.json` - This command validates the blockchain’s construction, signing, and broadcasting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rosetta-cli check:construction --configuration-file rosetta-cli-conf/testnet/config.json` - This command validates the construction API implementation and verifies transaction construction, signing, and submission to the `testnet` network.
```

Author: Will update in next commit.

Author: Updated.

> * `rosetta-cli check:data --configuration-file rosetta-cli-conf/mainnet/config.json` - This command validates that the Data API information in the `mainnet` network is correct. It also ensures that the implementation does not miss any balance-changing operations.

Reviewer: Same language as above in `testnet`

Author: Will update in next commit.

Author: Updated.

## Issues

> Interested in helping fix issues in this repository? You can find to-dos in the [Issues](https://github.com/coinbase/rosetta-ethereum/issues) section with the `help wanted` tag. Be sure to reach out on our [community](https://community.rosetta-api.org) before you tackle anything on this list.

Reviewer: I am not sure if `help wanted` label is appropriate for this. https://docs.github.com/en/issues/using-labels-and-milestones-to-track-work/managing-labels#about-default-labels

Author: What label would you prefer to use? Otherwise I can just eliminate the "with the `help wanted` tag" segment.

Reviewer: ya I think people can help with any label - so we could just remove the label statement.
